backend/analysis/Analyser.java
 backend.analysis.Analyser
backend/model/smells/SmellChecker.java
 backend.model.smells.SmellChecker
 backend.model.smells.SmellChecker$1
backend/model/smells/SmellIntensity.java
 backend.model.smells.SmellIntensity
frontend/model/SmellPriority.java
 frontend.model.SmellPriority
backend/io/write/Writer.java
 backend.io.write.Writer
 backend.io.write.Writer$1
backend/model/interval/PriorityInterval.java
 backend.model.interval.PriorityInterval
backend/utils/Calculator.java
 backend.utils.Calculator
frontend/controllers/AnalyzeController.java
 frontend.controllers.AnalyzeController
frontend/controllers/ViewTwoProjectsController.java
 frontend.controllers.ViewTwoProjectsController
backend/io/read/xml/ClassParser.java
 backend.io.read.xml.ClassParser
backend/io/read/xml/Parser.java
 backend.io.read.xml.Parser
frontend/tasks/AnalyzeTask.java
 frontend.tasks.AnalyzeTask
backend/model/smells/FormulaForMetric.java
 backend.model.smells.FormulaForMetric
backend/model/smells/MetricThreshold.java
 backend.model.smells.MetricThreshold
frontend/controllers/ViewSingleProjectController.java
 frontend.controllers.ViewSingleProjectController
backend/model/interval/MetricIntervals.java
 backend.model.interval.MetricIntervals
backend/io/read/csv/AnalysisReader.java
 backend.io.read.csv.AnalysisReader
backend/model/metrics/EntityWithMetrics.java
 backend.model.metrics.EntityWithMetrics
frontend/controllers/ViewProjectController.java
 frontend.controllers.ViewProjectController
frontend/model/SmellVersionComparison.java
 frontend.model.SmellVersionComparison
backend/utils/Comparator.java
 backend.utils.Comparator
backend/io/read/xml/ParserUtil.java
 backend.io.read.xml.ParserUtil
backend/utils/Constants.java
 backend.utils.Constants
 backend.utils.Constants$1
 backend.utils.Constants$2
frontend/Util.java
 frontend.Util
 frontend.Util$1
 frontend.Util$2
 frontend.Util$3
backend/model/metrics/Metric.java
 backend.model.metrics.Metric
 backend.model.metrics.Metric$Type
backend/model/metrics/ClassWithMetrics.java
 backend.model.metrics.ClassWithMetrics
backend/analysis/IntensityCalculator.java
 backend.analysis.IntensityCalculator
frontend/controllers/ViewMultipleVersionsController.java
 frontend.controllers.ViewMultipleVersionsController
 frontend.controllers.ViewMultipleVersionsController$1
frontend/Main.java
 frontend.Main
backend/utils/Config.java
 backend.utils.Config
 backend.utils.Config$1
backend/model/smells/Smell.java
 backend.model.smells.Smell
backend/model/metrics/MethodWithMetrics.java
 backend.model.metrics.MethodWithMetrics
frontend/tasks/MultipleProjectsTask.java
 frontend.tasks.MultipleProjectsTask
backend/io/read/xml/MethodParser.java
 backend.io.read.xml.MethodParser
frontend/controllers/Controller.java
 frontend.controllers.Controller
